c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\BorrowedGames.Import.exe.config
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\BorrowedGames.Import.exe
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\BorrowedGames.Import.pdb
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\BorrowedGames.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\BorrowedGames.pdb
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\obj\x86\Debug\BorrowedGames.Import.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\obj\x86\Debug\BorrowedGames.Import.exe
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.Import\obj\x86\Debug\BorrowedGames.Import.pdb
