c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests.exe.config
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests.XML
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests.exe
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\BorrowedGames.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\canopy.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\SizSelCsZzz.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\BorrowedGames.pdb
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\canopy.pdb
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\canopy.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\SizSelCsZzz.pdb
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\obj\Debug\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests.fsprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\obj\Debug\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests.exe
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\obj\Debug\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\BorrowedGames\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests\obj\Debug\BorrowedGames.UI.Tests.fsproj.BorrowedGames.UI.Tests.exe.config
