c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\TodoApp.Tests.dll.config
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\TodoApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\TodoApp.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\NSpec.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\TodoApp.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\TodoApp.pdb
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\obj\Debug\TodoApp.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\obj\Debug\TodoApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Oak\Sample Apps\TodoApp\TodoApp.Tests\obj\Debug\TodoApp.Tests.pdb
